N2NHU Engine: The 2-Hour Multiplayer Prototype
"Taking the air out of commercial game engines."

Current Status: Pre-Alpha / Proof of Concept Time to Build: ~2 Hours License: GPLv3

🚀 The Mission
Commercial game engines have become bloated behemoths. They require massive downloads, steep learning curves, and heavy client-side hardware.

N2NHU (Neuron-to-Neural Human Universal) is the antidote.

This repo represents literally the first two hours of work toward a vision of a Universal Game Engine. It proves that with the right architecture, you can deploy a persistent, multiplayer, PvP-enabled world in less time than it takes to install Unity.

⚡ Key Features (implemented in 120 mins)
Instant Multiplayer via SSH: No client download required. Players connect using standard terminal tools (ssh -p 2222 player@host).

100% Config-Driven World:

Rooms: Defined in rooms.ini (e.g., "Walk-In Freezer" with cold=true property).

Objects: Defined in objects.ini (Properties include takeable, weapon, damage).

Combat: Rules for PvP, PvE, and Bosses defined in combat.ini.

Emergent Gameplay (State Transformations):

The engine supports logic-based state changes defined in transformations.ini.

Example: Placing a cup of water in a room tagged cold turns it into ice after 3 turns.

Active AI Sprites:

NPCs aren't static. sprites.ini defines behaviors like aggressive_looter (Troll) or item_thief (Goblin).

Deep Combat System:

Supports damage types, weapon multipliers, friendly fire toggles, and "death drop" mechanics where slain players lose their inventory.

🛠️ Architecture
The engine separates Logic (Python) from Content (INI). This democratizes creation—writers can build worlds without touching code.

The "Brain" (ssh_server_multiplayer_rpg.py)
A lightweight, async Python server using asyncssh. It handles:

Player sessions and state.

Real-time broadcasting (chat, movement, combat logs).

Global turn processing for AI and transformations.

The "World" (INI Configuration)
combat.ini: Defines the "Physics" of violence. (e.g., player_vs_boss gets a 1.2x weapon multiplier).

sprites.ini: Defines the "Life." (e.g., A Dragon with 200HP and breath_weapon=true).

verbs.ini: Defines "Interaction." Aliases like attack, kill, hit map to the same logic.

🎮 Quick Start
Prerequisites: Python 3.7+, asyncssh

Clone the repo:

Bash
git clone https://github.com/jimpames/N2NHU-labs-universal-game-engine.git
cd N2NHU-labs-universal-game-engine
Run the Server:

Bash
python3 ssh_server_multiplayer_rpg.py --port 2222
**

Play (Client-side): Open a terminal and run:

Bash
ssh -p 2222 playername@localhost
(No password required)

🔮 Roadmap: The Applied AI Future
This prototype is the seed for the N2NHU Lab vision. Future iterations will replace static INI definitions with:

Generative World Building: AI that writes rooms.ini and objects.ini on the fly based on player intent.

Neural NPCs: Replacing simple aggressive_looter tags with LLM-driven agents that negotiate, lie, or form alliances.

Visual Output: Bridging this text-based core into 3D rendering engines (Unity/Unreal) where N2NHU serves as the "Universal Brain."

📜 License
GPLv3 - Open Source and Free. Fork it, mod it, break it.WHY
